Who said I'm a little shrimp with my breasts exposed?
Oops tiger
Tiger Deer Brothers
What's going on?
Tiger Lord, he wants to ask you for face
Tiger Lord
Just you, ask me what it means to want face
Oh, Lord Tiger, Lord Tiger
I'm bragging.
Tiger, I was wrong, haha.
I was wrong. I was wrong.
Bragging comes and comes
Take it, take it, hahaha.
Come smash this
I want to see how good it is
Ahahaha
I was wrong, I was wrong, hahaha.
Hey brother, what should you do about this?
I asked you to bring him the money
I bought this factory
Hey, record
Record a little
I don't want this intestine
I gave it to you.
I'll give it to you.
Why don't you get out of here?
Yes, yes, hahaha.
I follow your instructions.
Put all the 30 million in the bank
Thank you for your hard work, Tiger Lord
How about I have a billion-dollar deal recently?
Are you interested?